Visibility. one.
Ceiling 4.000 overcast.
Temperature...
Salah 1-1-4 clear
to land. runway 1-1.
Clear to land Salah 1-1-4.
These streets.
they're different.
They're old.
The ties are deep and hidden.
It's where the East
claws at the West.
Where the South seeks the North.
There's honor here
that must be respected.
Rules that cannot be broken.
And if a mistake is made...
there's nowhere to hide.
Room service.
Ronin 1. Cleopatra here.
Ronin 1. copy.
Cleopatra. go.
I'm on overwatch.
Shutting down engines.
Ronin 1. taxi has
arrived. Stand by.
Ronin 1. standing by.
Ronin 1. doors! Doors!
Ronin 1. copy.
Chauffeur doors.
Chauffeur on doors!
Ronin Five ready to go.
Copy that Ronin Five. stand by.
Ronin One. go karat! Go karat!
Ronin One copy. go go.
Hey! What's the problem?
Apologies! Someone
called in a bomb threat.
This is a restricted area!
Get on your knees!
On your knees!
Show me your hands!
Get on your fucking
knees. right now!
Lay down! Lay down!
Lay fucking down!
Lay down! Lay down
right now. Don't move!
Don't move! On me!
Hands. hands! Show
me your hands!
You. come out! Come out!
You. come out. On the ground!
Get down!
It's clear!
Delta 2. Delta 2.
please check hangar 4.
My screen is empty.
I don't know what's
going on there. Over.
Copy. on my way.
Unit en route to hangar 4.
Dogs on the scent.
Ronin One. clock! Time to go!
Package in hand. Package
in hand. Exiting.
Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!
Not bad!
Moving.
Cleopatra. Ronin One. Tires
rolling. Tires rolling.
If he catches us...
Faster. faster!
Two units leaving Cargo 4.
Identify both units.
Chauffeur. this is Ronin One.
Doors! Doors!
We good?
We clean. We
clean. Still good.
Cleopatra. we are
clear and on the move.
In Belgium last night.
Salah Airline flight 1-1-4.
that was the Africa flight.
with the diamond industry
became the epicenter of a
meticulously executed heist
at the Antwerp International
Airport cargo terminal.
The incident unfolded as the
flight arrived from Johannesburg.
and suspects in
police tactical gear
raced across the tarmac
to stage an assault
on the cargo hangar.
Preliminary reports suggest
that the thieves made away
with millions of dollars'
worth of diamonds.
Indications point
to the Panther mafia
as potential orchestrators
behind this meticulously
planned robbery.
Keep on walking. you're
in the right place.
Backseat.
I trust you know how to use it.
Glock.
No safety.
So. what's my cover?
You're French of Cote
d'Ivoire descent.
You're a diamond dealer
working out of London.
and we're EDM club promoters
here to promote the festival
for the next two weeks.
So. that's our clock.
Hope you got me a good view.
We'll meet the fence
this afternoon.
She's a sightholder and she
arranged office space for you.
And we've sanitized
the whole flat.
So. you're good to go.
Welcome to Nice. Jean-Jacques.
Here we go.
Jean-Jacques Dyallo.
What the fuck are you doing?
- Follow him.
Follow that fucking car.
What are we doing?
Just relax. You're
gonna be fine.
Get out.
A stripper that doesn't smoke.
That's a first.
Go fuck yourself.
Still dealing bad
food at the club?
Okay. Your dude
told you everything.
Always do.
You knew about the Fed.
You always fuck your suspects?
Is that police procedure?
You know. I could close
these container doors.
and then it'll be
shipped to China.
And when it gets there.
they'll open the doors
and there you'll be.
Dead.
A dead stripper in China.
Sounds kinky.
No. it doesn't.
We'll make this simple.
Since Merrimen's dead.
you're gonna tell me two things.
Where were he and Donnie
going that they didn't get to?
And what did they
do with the money?
Who's the lucky guy?
He was all prison weird.
He didn't fuck me.
You did.
And I can post this...
anytime.
God. I look so
much younger there.
I know where Donnie went.
I know where he put the money.
But I want my man's cut.
Seven million.
Or the LASD and your daughters
will be super proud of
your amateur porn career.
You understand. motherfucker?
Where is the money?
The Nice Diamant Bank.
Hey.
Jean-Jacques. this is
my lovely friend Chava.
So. I understand you are French?
May we speak in French?
I have a French passport...
I am a bit...
rusty.
Well. you have to speak English
in this business anyway. so...
You grow up in Abidjan or...
- Tengrela.
- Oh!
So. you're Baoule. ethnically.
Ethnically? Sinfra.
I'm impressed.
You know a lot
about the country.
I mean. I have a lot of friends
in this business
from West Africa.
Tough negotiators.
Who isn't?
So. Jean-Jacques.
you have something you
want me to look at?
I do.
- And you came across this...
- My family.
We do business in Botswana.
Go on.
Great.
I'll leave you guys to it.
Let's get you set
up at the Bourse.
- Good day.
May I see your
identification. please.
Uh-huh.
The jacket.
Thank you.
Monsieur.
- Bonjour.
Bonjour.
The new guy...
walking through the Bourse.
D'accord.
Keep an eye on him. yeah?
Oui.
Wonderful. Just give
me a moment. please.
- Thank you. You are good to go.
- Thank you.
- Hi. Chava! How are you?
- Hello!
Jean-Jacques Dyallo. meet
Olivier. the Concierge.
Welcome!
Here you are.
May I see your inventory?
You may.
Right. Very good.
Here you are.
Mr. Dyallo. Your office.
Your office.
Landline phone here.
Dial 3 for security.
7 for the Concierge.
and 8 to dial out.
Your safe.
You dial in your own
personal code here.
But you could leave
it open. to be honest.
You're in the most secure
building in continental Europe.
I certainly hope so.
I have some inventory
coming in this week.
Is it possible to lease
one of the vault boxes?
Oh. I'm sorry. not possible.
Currently. all the vault
boxes are fully booked.
And they are reserved
for sightholders anyway.
Ah!
Hopefully. something opens up.
- Good day.
So?
We're in. But we
have a problem.
There's no access to the vault.
Only sightholders
in Dali have access.
and there's no security
boxes available.
You've gotta be
fucking kidding me.
Just let me handle it.
Patron. I'm sorry
but there's something I
need to discuss with you.
You have to move me again?
Have a seat.
The stone you invested
in. It was stolen.
Thieves robbed the airplane
that was transporting it.
It's now in Nice. near
the diamond center...
Someone is fencing it.
Find it.
3274 karats.
Excellent quality.
What about the 30 karat?
Well. well...
This is really a work of art.
GPS beacon.
Someone's looking for this.
May I?
Offer 5.2. If it goes
quickly. take off 45.
If it's in cash. take off 55.
What about the rough one?
3.87 including everything.
You have an account
across the street?
Of course. What is the offer?
Well. these stones
obviously don't come
with Kimberley certificates.
4.2.
I... I cannot go
lower than five.
It is also the only offer
you will get. Jean-Jacques.
Ok! We are done!
4.2. Here's your cash.
I understand we have a Marsala.
We'll switch to English so
everyone will understand.
All right.
Comms are secure.
- so we can speak freely.
- Okay.
I am Cleopatra.
Now. I've been working with
each one of you individually.
but never as a group.
There's a reason
why you're all here.
This will be our biggest
job on the continent yet.
This isn't a smash and grab.
We're here to rob the
World Diamond Centre.
We estimate the score
to be 850 million euros.
Use these SIMs and only
these for all communication.
Vuk. logistics. Marko.
vehicles and transport.
Dragan. safes. entry. Slavko.
comms. cell overwatch.
- Who is this guy?
- Jean-Jacques.
He'll be doing the
recce and the planning.
What the fuck is he doing here?
This is my job.
And I pay the bills.
That's what the fuck I'm doing.
Okay. okay. guys. Calm
the fuck down. okay?
This guy is one of the best
thieves on the planet. okay?
What the fuck is your problem?
Are you out of your
mind bringing him here?
Yeah. it's fucking normal.
Wait! Hey. shut the fuck up!
Okay. We have until
the last Sunday
of the month to execute the job.
So. as we advance in our
recce to the target here.
the World Diamond Centre.
gathering all the intelligence
we need will be difficult.
Jean-Jacques is our
asset on the inside.
He finds our path to the vault.
And if you have a
problem with that.
you can get the fuck out now.
I'm good. boss.
What do you need?
I'll need brands. makes and
model of all security systems.
and of course. the vault.
Need to ID all their personnel.
Get to know who we
are dealing with.
and somehow. tap in their comms.
Confirm routes. find the exits.
I'll work up the routes. I'll need to
see them before selecting vehicles.
- So. are we good?
- Yeah.
Ah. bravo.
- Just do your job.
- What's with you?
- And cut the crap.
- Fuck this!
Here we go.
France. Italy.
That bend. that is the border.
This is the alpine run.
No CCTV or plate readers
up on these roads?
Zero. All on the coast.
This is the route.
I need all-wheel drive.
Strip out the automation.
No anti-locks.
He wants me to
suck his dick too?
I'm sorry. what was that?
Sir. yes. sir.
Excuse me.
Sorry.
Is the captain
here? Capitaine?
Uh. oui. oui.
- No problem.
- Oh. okay.
We were set for.
uh. 1:00. 1:00 p.m.
It's... it's... it's 1:30.
He's aware that I'm here or...
Nicholas. Hugo.
Welcome.
Nice to finally meet you. I
thought we said 1:00. but...
No.
Hmm.
Well. anyway. I
brought you some swag.
Thought you and the
guys might like it.
Oh.
Thank you my friend.
that's great.
I have LAPD but not
LASD. It's cool.
Do you want something
to eat. drink?
Coffee. Maybe a little
one of those croissants.
No. Nick.
It's croissant.
not. uh. croissant.
Well. clearly. I don't
speak French. right?
What American does?
This is Lieutenant Varane.
Lieutenant O'Brien.
Hey. nice to meet you.
A coffee and a croissant.
Cherie!
Could you bring me a coffee
and a croissant. please?
Ah.
So. here they are.
Ah. oui.
It's very tough to crack.
Ethnically insular.
They work with the Italians
and Albanians once in a while.
but tactically.
they are brilliant.
The players are only aware of who's
in the cell for a particular job.
So. if they get caught.
there's no one to rat on.
Yes.
And tough to ID them.
We don't get much help
from Balkan Alley.
They are all like security
services and military.
They know how to
stay off the grid.
They often use women who
were models or athletes
who spend a lot of
time in Western Europe.
So. they have connections.
Know their way around.
This guy. Slobodan.
He's a criminal receiver.
He has deals with
the 'Ndrangheta
and all the top
jewelers in Italy.
He gives the green light for
every job on the continent.
We've been trying to bag
him for almost a decade.
Take a seat. Nick.
So. tell us about your suspect.
We have reason to
believe... Thank you.
That he's operating out of
Europe. possibly France.
We started looking into
it after the Antwerp rip.
A lot of the signatures
of that job were similar
to some of the ones we
investigated in L.A.
But you know. the
Police Aeronautique
believe that most
of them were Balkan.
I thought you said that they
were all Balkan except for one.
The one who recruited them.
Okay. And was he Black?
Yes.
Okay. So. they
weren't all Balkan
is the point.
No.
Were you guys able to pull up the
surveillance footage I requested?
Of course.
Okay.
Can I see it?
How's your croissant?
Great.
I'll make your life a little bit
easier while you're over here.
You know. some of the letters
in French. they are silent.
Like the "T" in
croissant. for example.
You know. in American.
you say salmon. right?
But the "L" is silent. no?
Am I on Candid
Camera or something?
You know. I actually
say salmon. Always have.
Sal-mon. So. there you go.
He's a funny guy. huh?
Okay. This is from
the day you requested.
Let me know when to pause.
That's it. Diamant Bank.
Wait. wait. wait. stop.
Right there. Can you zoom in?
Try and find him
when he comes out.
Okay. just... Stop.
Okay. Inch forward.
Freeze. Freeze there.
Go in.
Alors.this him?
No. no. No. no. Not him.
No?
No.
If you need anything
else. you have my number.
Maybe we can go out
and have some salmon.
Thank you.
- French food kinda sucks.
- Oh.
Actually. Nick. it's the best.
But you American.
you have no taste.
I am.
Honey trap is set.
Check your Pegasus.
We got it.
Mademoiselle.
Grab a seat.
Come on. man. sit down.
You're making me nervous.
I won't bite. Promise.
So. what you packing there?
You don't have any
jurisdiction here.
Mm!
I didn't rob the Fed.
Who said anything about the Fed?
You know what I was
tripping on just now?
You and I are part of
this weird symbiosis.
See. you only exist.
Fraulein. because of me.
We weren't there
trying to stop you
from smuggling shit
and stealing shit.
then your shit wouldn't
be worth a fucking thing.
It's only worth the trouble.
because we're there
trying to stop you.
So. actually. you
need to thank me...
that your shit is
worth anything at all.
- You're welcome.
- Okay.
Cracks me up when people
pull guns on people.
Why don't you just shoot 'em?
You're not a killer. I am.
You got over on me. Fraulein.
No one gets over on me.
I'm broke.
And I'm sick of
being the hunter.
It's fucking exhausting.
Let's take a look at your view.
Word around the L.A. streets
is that they fired your ass.
So. how you gonna get in?
Take it.
I'm gonna ask you again.
How are you gonna get in there?
I'm working on it.
No. you can't trust me.
And yeah. I can haul your
ass in anytime I want.
Depends on my mood.
Right now. Fraulein.
it's pretty good.
You're gonna rob that place.
And I'm gonna do it with you.
I wanna meet these Panthers.
Set it up.
Fuck.
Hello. boss.
How's the food in
this fucking place?
It's okay. Nothing special.
Nouvelle cuisine my ass.
Patron is pissed.
Was half his damn retirement
invested in that diamond.
And he's the fucking Octopus
so we better find it.
I like a little bit
of hide and seek.
This is our city. No one
can hide from us here.
Jesus. that's strong!
That her?
Yeah. that's her.
I don't recall getting a
memo she was a supermodel.
Engleski?Yeah?
You've worked security?
Among other things.
How'd you guys meet?
Prison.
Gay cruise actually.
Marlboro Man.
He was a cop.
So were we.
- There are all kinds of cops.
- They are not us.
Yeah. But I mean. that's why
I let them do the work for us.
I play the cops like
I play everyone else.
Just drive the car.
Right now. he's our key to
the vault. No other option.
Money flies no flag.
Invite him tonight.
We'll put him in a deep hole
and see if he crawls out.
- All right?
- All right.
Bonjour.
Listen. we've already
discussed this.
This is exhausting.
let's talk later.
Sorry. The wealthier they are.
the bigger the crook. Asshole.
Once you become a slave
to greed. you're fucked.
Then I guess we are both fucked.
So. how can I help you?
I was wondering if
I can rent space
in one of your vault
boxes for a few weeks.
I have some inventory
coming in and I...
I do not like the idea of
keeping it in the office.
How much space exactly?
Around 3.000 karats.
Split the monthly
cost and we can do it.
Perfect.
Bon.
He's here.
- You good?
- I'm good. you?
Show him.
Give it to me.
What do I do with this?
Hold it sideways.
tap the screen.
That's the guy who
had the GPS beacon?
This the guy who
That's him.
Text it to me.
Text it to us.
- Okay.
- Good job.
Pure shit.
- Yo!
- Hey!
You look good.
Holy shit.
Right?
So. these your new girlfriends?
Take it easy. man.
We're in no rush.
- Nick.
- Slavko.
Cool name. Pleasure.
- Dragan.
- Nick.
I know you.
Nick.
Take your time. bro.
Marko.
- Nicko.
- Go fuck yourself.
Enough!
Have a seat.
Thank you.
Hey. what's the
name of that game?
You know. with the little
metal balls that you throw?
- Bocce.
You know. at the cafe
today. I saw you guys there.
Your police academy
taught you well. Nicko.
Fuck the police.
Yeah. fuck the police.
- What is that?
- Sljivo.
- Say again?
- Sljivo. Sljivovica.
When you run out of gas. you
can put this in your car.
That's some nasty shit.
- What is it?
- Try it.
Cops don't do drugs.
So. do yourself a favor.
Stop being a pussy.
And hit that shit.
Holy shit.
Seriously. What are we...
what are we smoking?
Hashish.
With a little pixie dust.
Pixie. what?
E. You never try E?
Yeah. of course.
Okay.
I wish I could fucking dance!
Fuckin' Europe rules!
Hey. man. sorry about bombing the
shit out of you guys in the '90s.
Now. that... that
was fucked up.
They killed my mother.
No. seriously?
We went to join the West.
but the West didn't want us.
So. we rob it.
I fucking love you guys.
- Fuck NATO!
- Fuck 'em!
Yeah. yeah. fuck NATO!
Oh. I got one coming up.
He's fucked up.
Hey. Not good. Go
to Nicko. Go. go.
You know I love you.
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
This is Marko's ex.
man. and he's trippin'.
Just slow it down a
little bit. all right?
- I told him.
- Yeah.
Hey. what the fuck
are you doing?
Hey. hey. hey.
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
Fuck this shit.
- Hey.
Get your fucking hands off me.
Fucking drama queen. Let's go.
Hey. hey!
Fuck off!
Chill. chill.
What the fuck?
- Okay. okay. okay.
- Okay.
You dirty motherfucker!
Why. you wanna get smashed?
No. I don't wanna get smashed.
Hey! Hey!
Ah! We're really gonna
do this right now?
Motherfucker!
Oh. fuck. Shit. yeah.
Yeah. big American tough guy.
You start shit in
our country. huh?
You think we're socialist
pussies over here. huh?
Yo. what the fuck
are you playing at?
Hey. Wait. wait.
wait. I got one.
I'm really gonna make
you proud right now.
Croissant. Croissant.
You got it. You don't like it?
Croiss... Fuck! Croissant.
It's shit!
Come on.
I thought that was... I
thought that was good.
Donnie!
You fucking had my back.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa! What?
- Whoa. whoa. hey.
- Keep walking.
- Okay. okay.
Keep walking. Let's go.
I didn't even call an Uber!
Fucking... Hey. hey. hey. hey!
Get in... get in
the fucking car!
Moussa! Keep going. Move!
Yes. yes.
Let's teach them a lesson.
A few weeks ago.
there was a flight
from Africa to Antwerp.
It had something on it.
Something that belongs to us.
To the Octopus.
And you stole it.
Get it back.
Hey! Get the fuck back here!
Are you kidding me?
You stole diamonds
from the fucking mafia?
Like I fucking knew!
Oh. fuck!
Where are you
going? Nick! Nick!
Take your shoes
off. You'll sink.
Shoes. Shoes.
Now. what?
What the fuck do
you think? Swim.
Swim? Where. Nick?
Oh. to Libya.
What the fuck do you
think. dum-dum? To shore!
I can't swim that fucking far.
I'm negatively buoyant.
Don't you know David Goggins?
- Don't be such a pussy.
- Fuck you!
You think there are
sharks around here?
Actually. yeah. I
think it's infested.
You kind of look
like shark food.
Stop talking to me.
I hate you!
I fucking hate you. too.
Fuck it. I'm out.
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
What you mean?
I'm out. Capo di tutti i capi
or whatever the fuck it's called
is where I draw the line.
They go after families.
They don't give a fuck.
You can't do me like that.
All right. I'm
dead if you don't.
Well. you're the one that stole
the fucking diamond. I didn't.
You gonna bail on me. You
might as well arrest me.
Fuck it.
Don't fucking follow me.
You followed me here.
Dip out there. bitch.
How's the hangover.
mademoiselle?
You watching?
Yep.
Most guards don't do shit.
Smoke. dick around on
phones. watch porn.
- Those boys are different.
- Very.
Been clocking those dudes for
weeks. Those dogs can hunt.
Yeah.
This is gonna be interesting.
You feeling it?
Yeah. I'm feeling it.
And the cop goes gangster.
Get your ass over here. man.
Your espresso's getting cold.
The WDC has no fire doors.
no emergency exit.
or egress point.
There's only one door.
One way in. one way out.
Any movements
within the district
will result in you
coming in a picture.
So. there's only one
place they're not looking.
Up.
Bravo. Dragan.
You're gonna have
to put this on.
These on sale or something?
Where are my two boyfriends?
They're out.
Welcome.
Marko and Vuk went home.
You're a Panther now.
This is the entire theater.
We've recce'd every security
measure in the district.
As you can see. there
are no dead zones.
So. we'll have to create one.
There are 127 cameras
fed into central security
right here in this kiosk.
They only run ten CCTV monitors.
So. those 127 feeds
cycle through at
ten-second intervals.
At any given time. 117
of those views are dark.
We will perform a timed descent
that will move us undetected
through those dark zones
as a result of the
CCTV monitoring cycle.
What about the recorded footage
once the cameras are offline?
There's a WDC privacy
law that prevents it.
So. no footage is
being recorded.
It's just being
viewed in real time.
But we have a blind
spot and a problem.
So the only individuals that
are granted access to the vault
is the Concierge.
the sightholders.
and their private security
who must be law enforcement.
We tried to flip some internal
assets with access. but...
So. you're our way in.
Okay.
When does this happen?
Right now.
Like. right the fuck now.
Everything all right?
No.
Mr. O'Brien has worked
with me for years.
I emailed admin at your L.A.
sheriff's office for your bona fides.
but didn't receive anything.
You mean. uh...
You sure you got
the right email?
Maybe... maybe check.
Yeah. I don't understand.
Oh!
Here we are. It
went to my junk.
- Sorry for that.
- It happens.
Everything is okay.
- Yeah. Mm.
- Wonderful.
Okay. man. She's on her way.
Just stand here?
Yeah.
- Bonjour.
- Ah. bonjour.
This is Nick. my
head of security.
Nick. Chava Falcone.
- Bonjour.
Ah. no français.huh?
By the way. the derby.
Nice-Monaco. Are you going?
- Olivier. the Concierge.
- Yeah.
Me. some friends. We're
going to a supporters' bar.
- Saturday?
- Yes.
- I might join you.
- Yeah. come. Come with us.
Merci.
So. Nick will go with you
to deposit the inventory.
Does tomorrow still work?
Yeah. But first thing in
the morning. eight o'clock.
because I'm slammed tomorrow.
- Sure.
- Thank you.
See you.
♪ To get the wrong
idea about me ♪
♪ I don't have
nothing to hide ♪
Why. bro? Why?
♪ I want the world to
see I'm a gangsta ♪
♪ Gangsta niggas
♪ Do your dance ♪
♪ Gangsta bitches
wave your hands ♪
♪ See me. I'm about my money
My paper I'm about my dollars ♪
♪ Popping collars with
this mac and this slack ♪
Hey!
For real gangster.
You watch your mouth.
Fuck!
This is why y'all so
amped up all the time.
Oh. my God.
Hey!
Now. this is music.
Okay.
Wow.
Romantico.
Oh. my God.
Are you fucking with me?
You gotta make love
more often. bro.
See. Dragan. he's
smooth with it.
Them glasses don't
fool me. I see you!
Yeah! Bro. you pent up.
Your suit. It's an ISR.
Records in every direction.
Oh. All right.
Sure this thing's gonna work?
I've worn these in 500
jewelry stores. They work.
Well. you're a woman.
They tend not to get frisked.
especially beautiful ones.
Well. neither do cops.
especially good ones.
I fuckin' hate suits.
Nothing good ever
happens in a suit.
That was fun the other night.
You know. at the club.
Yeah. Good DJ. Cool fight.
I just got divorced.
Oh. that's so sad.
And for the record. I
have no attraction to you.
Okay. You got any kids?
No.
Actually. yeah.
You know. I prefer honesty
rather than bullshit.
Oh.
Then. yeah. I do.
I got... I got two.
Damn!
I thought you were
gonna wife me up.
Can I change my answer?
Don't fuck this up.
And don't fuck me over.
Come on. Come on.
- Bonjour.
My detail.
We have an appointment
at the Bourse
with Miss Falcone
and the Concierge.
All right.
Identification. please.
Merci.
They won't pat down security.
You're good to go.
- Cam there.
- Cam.
Okay. Precious cargo.
Thank you so much. Chava.
I have to go welcome
parties. Come.
- Bonjour.
Good morning.
Morning.
Please.
The Concierge operates the vault
24/7. lives on the seventh floor.
escorts every appointment.
locks up every night.
Moving all this
with him anywhere
near there would
be... very risky.
Yeah. But we'll just time
it with his movements.
So. no more being
sheriff for you?
I tend to hurt
people's feelings.
Then you'll fit right in.
Huh.
Please.
- There's a thermal motion.
- Yeah.
- Can you turn around?
- I'm sorry.
There is the vault. Armon.
You can put the briefcase
on the desk. please.
Sure.
Are you coming to the
game Saturday. Olivier?
Of course! I can't wait!
- I got us a table.
- Perfect!
Here you go.
The remaining issue is that
the security camera from
hallway to the foyer.
is too high up for us to cover.
And that's the only
camera that doesn't cycle.
What if we cover ourselves?
Quantum Stealth?
We need to finger
fuck that tech.
Huh.
What we looking at?
I saw the stone.
Uh-huh.
Top left side.
Second row. fifth from the top.
I saw the fucking stone.
Allen. Darko. this is Vuk.
Vuk. these are the Tigers.
Good.
Low tech beats high tech.
Watch now.
Voila!
Fuck.
Not used to all the
garlic over here.
Now. you know. turn around.
I guess he's making some sales.
Oh. is this ice cream?
What?
Gelato.
It's fucking good.
Mm-hmm.
Yo. is that thermal?
- Huh?
- Is... Is that thermal?
Yeah.
All done? Everything locked up?
Yes.
Great. Enjoy the match.
You're in for a win. Let's go!
Oui.
Concierge just left.
See you with the
van at egress point.
- Good luck.
- Copy.
Armour piercing.
Every fifth round. Here you go.
- Are you saying 50. total?
- 50. yes.
Monaco 1-0.
That was offside! Why?
It's so annoying.
rugby's better!
Every time. Look...
Houdini One. this
is Carbon Actual.
Comms check.
Carbon Actual. copy.
Comms clear.
Houdini One moving on theater.
Copy that.
Houdini One in theater.
Nice!
We're even. We're
back in the game.
Come on guys.
Houdini One. you
are red at Amstel.
Twenty seconds to green light.
Copy. Carbon Actual.
Standing by for green.
Ten seconds to green light.
Five. four...
You're green. Green to Becks.
Green.
Copy. you're red at
Becks. Red at Becks.
Twelve seconds to
green light. Stand by.
Houdini One. holding at Becks.
Five. four. three...
Jesus. that's deep.
Yeah.
Fuckin' hell.
Eighty seconds to red.
Copy that. Carbon Actual.
Hmm.
Sixty seconds to red.
Come on.
Forty seconds to red.
Mm!
Twenty seconds to red.
Ten seconds to red.
Five. four. three. two. one.
Corona's red. Red at Corona.
Houdini One. location.
Houdini One in
Mineshaft at Diamond.
Houdini One. Quantum at Diamond.
Quantum at Diamond.
Come on guys. just one!
Holy shit. Houdini
in the mantle.
Copy.
It's not here. It's
not fucking here!
What do you mean.
it's not fucking here?
Okay. just keep
goin'. keep goin'.
Please. turn this off! Gone!
Fuck! It's not here either.
Come on. come on.
What are you doing?
No! Don't go. What?
I'm sorry. Bye. guys.
Fuck!
Houdini One.
Housekeeper is home.
Return to Mineshaft.
Actual. what's that?
Housekeeper is home.
Get the fuck out now!
Fuck! We gotta
go. we gotta go!
- You see it?
- No.
Shit. where is it?
How about the match?
Unbelievable.
Once chance. one
goal. And no defense.
It's here. It's here.
- We gotta go. Donnie.
- No. no. no.
- Hold on.
- We gotta go.
It's here.
Come on. Come on. Come on.
One more sec.
Donnie. get up.
- Come on! Come on!
- Wait!
We need a new coach.
- That will be expensive.
- Right.
I'll lock up. You can go home.
- See you tomorrow.
- Have a nice evening.
Donnie. just fucking leave it.
We gotta go now!
- Jeez. hold on.
- Just get up!
Wait! Wait! Wait! Wait!
Wait!
Thank fucking God.
Houdini One. come in.
Houdini One moving up Mineshaft.
Copy.
Houdini One holding at Corona.
You're green at Corona.
140 seconds green at Corona.
Bags are secure.
Sixty seconds at Corona.
At Becks! At Becks!
Hold at Becks.
Corona red in 45.
Corona red in 30.
Fuck.
Hold at Becks.
Corona red in 20.
Becks red.
Three seconds to switch
route. Hold for command.
Becks green. Becks green.
Carbon Actual. we are clear.
Okay.
What are we gonna do about this.
Look at these dumbasses.
Oh. fuck.
Shit!
Nick! Nick!
Monitor 14.
What the hell is that?
Hey! what the hell is that?
No idea.
Think it's coming from the roof?
I don't know.
What the f...
We need to secure the roof.
- Go. go. come on.
- Come on.
Come on.
I'll check it out.
Houdini One. dogs on
the scent. Vanish.
- Fuck!
- Go. go. go.
- Come on.
- Come on. Nick.
You got it.
Yeah.
- Throw the backpack.
- Oh. fuck!
Okay. go. Go. go.
The pole! The pole!
Move. move. move. Move!
Carbon Actual. is Becks green?
Copy. Confirm Houdini
One. Becks green.
Copy. Lock down the gates
and restrict personnel
movement until we clear this.
- Something fell off the roof.
- What?
I'll clear the roof. then move
down. You patrol level 2 up.
take the stairwells.
Meet in the middle.
So. I want you to clear
the atrium stairs. all right?
Okay. great.
And don't forget to lock down
the fucking elevator. yeah?
Got it.
Roof clear.
Carbon Actual.
I need the location
of Houdini One.
Location of Houdini One.
5 cleared moving to 4.
What the fuck?
Hands off weapon. Just relax.
Don't be stupid. All right?
Who the fuck are you?!
Don't be fucking stupid.
What the fuck? What the fuck?
Shots fire! Shots fired!
- Shots fired! Shots fired!
- The fuck?
Trigger alarm.
What the fuck?
Relax. relax. I
aimed center mass.
You're okay. All right?
It's gonna hurt a
few days. though.
Sorry about that.
Stranger. Vanish.
Northside. Now. now. now!
We got him. We got him.
Northside. Northside.
Copy that.
It's him! It's him!
Let's go. let's
go! We gotta go!
Ah. fuck!
The fucking Porsche again!
TRC Nice for WDC 14.
Porsche sedan. white.
Plate number...
What the fuck?
Shit. ANPR.
Grab that plate there. Run it.
What does it say?
I repeat. white Porsche.
White Porsche heading east on
400 block of Rue de Robert.
If any of us get burned.
Slobodan will put your cut away.
And it'll be waiting for you
when you get out. Good luck.
Focus.
Good luck. brother.
Fuck. It's not possible.
- Fuck.
- Are you fucking kidding me.
Flash. flash. We've been robbed.
I repeat. we have been robbed.
Watch our six.
Those aren't police headlights.
They're not friendly either.
Fuck.
Mag.
Drive. I shoot.
Call out. brakes.
Copy.
Shit. There's two of them.
- Oh. God!
- Fuck!
Take the wheel! Wheel!
- Hey! Move! Move!
- I'm good! I'm good!
Mag change.
I need a better shot.
- Hold on! I can't hear you.
- Brake!
Fuck! I'm fucking hit up. man!
Hold on!
- Mags change.
- You all right?
Yeah. I'm okay.
We're changing mag!
Ready again!
Let's go!
Shit. still on us.
- Can you loose 'em?
- Fucking trying.
- Those dudes are drivers.
- Oh. shit.
The right lane man.
keep the right lane!
Shit! Fuck!
Right this side. I
got a clean shot.
Got you. break.
I'm out. Mag change.
I've got ammo.
Now! Now! Now!
Fuck this.
Fuck. yeah!
Motherfucker!
Hit it! Hit it!
Okay. I'm out.
Fuck!
What the fuck was that?
His fault.
That's it?
- Good morning.
This way.
My husband is upstairs.
Mario! We're here.
They've arrived.
- Hey. hey!
- Hey.
- Hey. you.
- You okay?
- Yeah. man.
- Slobodan.
- Jean-Jacques.
- Nice to meet you.
Slobodan. he is Nick.
Sit down with us.
Take a seat. please.
Ah!
Yeah!
Thank you.
- Thanks.
- You're welcome.
Signore.
Thank you. Thank you.
Ah. You saved the town.
- Huh?
- Okay. guys. Stand up. please.
To heist of century.
And to the Panthers.
Ah!
- You good?
- I'm good.
Oh. come on.
- Look at that.
- No!
We saved this one. we
saved this one for you.
- Thank you. Thank you.
- Your style.
Hey. Keep your hands
to yourself. man.
Hey. hey. hey! Hey!
- Hey!
- Freeze!
- Police!
Okay. okay!
Don't move!
Hey. hey. hey!
Don't move. don't move!
Don't move! Hands back!
Let's go! Let's go!
Hey! Hey!
Go! Go!
Move. move!
Move!
Let's go!
You okay?
Yeah.
You want to do the honors?
You do it. Your jurisdiction.
Anything you say
can and will be used
against you in the court of law.
You have the right
to an attorney...
With these rights in mind.
do you wish to speak to me?
Well played.
I guess.
Do you want something else?
I'll have a croissant.
Parfait.
You know. you did the
right thing coming in. huh?
It's strange. huh?
Living on the other
side feels good. no?
Yeah.
Too good.
Respect.
Time to go home. huh?
To what?
Visitor. Handcuffs.
Hurry up. I haven't got
all day. Come one. quickly.
Sit down. And no
messing around.
You've got five minutes.
That was fun.
So. we even?
Yeah. We're even.
Feel good about yourself?
Actually. no.
I thought I would feel a
little better. to be honest.
You're a piece of shit.
I did save your life. though.
So. that was real?
Yeah.
So. you've just been fuckin'
with me this whole time?
No. No. Not the whole time.
But at the end of the day.
a tiger just can't
change his stripes.
Just can't.
I'll see you. Fraulein.
By the way...
sit back left.
Hit unlock! Hands on the window!
Back left!
Get ready to move.
Do we just get this
over with already?
He's saying we should
get this over with.
No.
Hey. guys. Get him
something to drink.
Be polite. He's our guest.
Hey. boy. What's wrong?
Rilassare. tranquillo.
He says. "Relax.
Enjoy your beer."
He says that if he
wanted you gone.
that would have happened
a long time ago.
He wants to meet you.
Because he wanted
to meet the man
who got his goods back.
Because he wants to know
how the hell you did it.
You are Harry fucking Houdini!
And now. you work for me.
So. what's next?
♪ If I was the king
of my own land ♪
♪ Facing tempests of dust
♪ I'll fight until the end ♪
♪ Creatures of my dreams.
raise up and dance with me ♪
♪ Now and forever
♪ I'm your king